Welcome
Eh, you said it's been awhile?
It's because you don't come here, you see
I thought something happened,
I was worried you know?
Eh? The store wasn't open?
Nah, there's no way~
It'd be bad if I closed,
I need to pay my bills too
I didn't even take New Year's Holiday off.
Crazy, isn't it?
Ah, but because of it
I earned quite a lot lately.
Mufufu~
Right, you noticed?
Kanto-branch store was already open though,
since I renovated the Kanto-branch,
I feel like renovating the Kansai-branch store of this shop too
How is it?
The bottles are now the same, you see!
These "AI Whiskey" label you see,
Isn't it wicked?
Does it move you?
Keep buying them, ok?
That's right, another thing..
I got many mails from you guys you know!
Really!
Thank you very much,
I really mean it!
I'm really grateful of your support!
Actually, actually!
Compared to the Kanto-branch store,
The Kansai-branch store is more popular,
isn't it wicked?
As expected, you liked Kansai more huh?
Well, gathering Kantou people are one thing,
I'm not disregarding their hometown, but
but you know, Kansai somehow feels more
like 'at home' feelings, you see?
It's somehow relaxing, you know?
Wasn't there Valentine's Day few weeks ago?
You see,
there's a lot of people asking for relationship advice!
Right..
Eh? You want to ask for my advice too?
What a poor soul,
let's hear what you want to say!
It's been a year since I had this one-sided love,
This relationship doesn't go anywhere.
Somehow,
I keep trying to appeal her
she dodges it.
( ；∀；)
I've been telling myself to just give up on her, but
Somehow it just..
leeeaves an uneasy feelings.
Is this because my lack of charm?
Or is it
that my partner is a dense beta?
No she's not dense, you dummy.
No way, no way.
Umm~
Can I be honest? Don't hurt your feelings,  okay?
Honestly,
There is no chemistry there.
You see,
you make appeals to her for a year right?
Well, it could be that
from birth they're
really dense people but,
Most of the time it's
I'm being honest here,
They're pretending to 'not care',
you get it?
To make them not feeling awkward,
they're cleverly avoiding your appeals
In a way, it's their kindness. Get it?
So,
when you think,
"I can do this!"
and try to go for it,
It would make them feel,
"Waah, this guy is really annoying,
go realize it for yourself"
They do feel that way you know, girls!
They just don't let it out.
So,
that's where
how do I put it,
you need to make it clear that you just want to be friends,
or you could try making appeals to them,
but if they keep avoiding you then
make a situation where they can't avoid you and
go straight for it.
Try to confess.
Make a break for it.
I think that way is much better.
if you wanted to appeal, try bit by bit
I don't know how you make appeals to her, but
when you're making those appeals,
it's somewhat annoying you know?
Somehow it's like,
"It's not you"
they'd feel that way so,
If you ever think to yourself to just give up on them,
Well,
for your own closure,
What if you try to break it to her at least once?
Well if you break it to her,
it's okay if you get rejected!
Since I'll comfort you here!
Well you see there's a lot of cute girls too in this store,
ok?
It'll be okay, really!
But really I think that
you shouldn't be a 'presumptuous man'.
I also think it would make a good experience,
for the next time,
so you don't fail and do something like,
walking around in circles (?)
is important too
"If you can't reel them in then just reel them out!"
That famous piece of advice isn't so bad so,
When you keep making appeals to them,
"Eh, could it be I like this person?
Mmm, but I'd like to stay friends"
something like that
There are people who think like that
There are also people who'd just avoid your appeals.
Get to know that moment,
and when you think you had a chance to go forward
It might be that "eh...?" moment you wanted.
There's also preferences to people to like and not, so
even if you can't tell
what if you try to be their type?
Make it a hit and break for it,
break for it (laughs)
after you make a hit and break for it, come and drink here
Ahahahah
In the end it turns out to be marketing, huh
That kind of straight-ness
"I don't have any feelings to hide from you,
do you like it?"
Relationships are made from experiences you see
Make lots of experiences, okay?
Make the next one counts, okay?
Don't cry now!
(Most of you would be crying now)
You're a grown up,
so don't cry like that, okay?
Can't help it so, for today,
I'll add in melon in something tasty
and make it free for you,
and you should go for it!
Since I'll make it a free one for you today,
you know what to do next time you come here, right?
Ah, another thing,
"Since I don't get any Valentines"
"I'm not obliged to do White Day"
Come to me at White Day, and
properly
give me chocolate
Something like "Pierre Marcolini",
you know?
or something like
marshmallow is kinda tasty you know?
come bring me some, okay?
Since I gave you some advice,
As an advice fee isn't it cheap?
isn't it?
I'm nice right?
That's right, thank you, heheheheh
What are you drinking? Champagne?
We have the peach thing too here
The peach thing is more,
ah you don't like champagne?
But you know, the peach thing
is easy to drink so,
Honestly, I don't drink anymore though,
Wanna order one?
Let's go up the stairs of adulthood, okay?
you want some?
Champagne please!
With that peach thing, okay?
With this, let's work hard!
When are you going to confess?
Day after tomorrow?
Why not make it tomorrow?
You see,
"When the sun sets, so does your will"
Are you going to call her now?
Ah, you would like to talk to her directly?
So tomorrow, then.
So come again tomorrow night and tell me how it went okay?
Ah, the Champagne came.
Thank you, Jessica.
Eh, isn't this bottle opened?
Eh, no.
Jessica, please.
It's good that you bring a bottle to me but,
Champagne is you know
Umm, I'll tell you later
Since our drinks is here, let's drink okay?
Cheers!
Heey~
Now now, drink it whole!
How was it, good?
It's good? That's great!
I didn't drink any but it was tasty to me too
Yaaay~
If you get drunk I won't take care of you so
go home by yourself, okay?
Wake up, wake up, it's about the time we close.
Hurry up
I'm going to close up soon, I even called for a taxi for you too
Now come on and go home by yourself, okay?
Bye bye. Take care now.
Bye bye!
Watch your steps, there's a drawer there!
Aha!
Are everyone still here?
You watching this video too,
If you have anything to consult or want me to advice on something,
I'll be always waiting you know.
It's always open here
I'll be waiting for your visit here
I'll be on your care from now on.
Since I'm virtual, mail it to me, okay?
So since it's about the time we part,
you all take care when going home too, okay?
Bye bye!
Come again, okay?
Jessica-san,
champagne you see
you should only open it in front of the guests you see
I didn't say this earlier but
you drank a bit of that champagne didn't you?
That's just wrong, so don't do it again okay?
That guy was okay but
people who'd know would know so
when they're done with it I'll let you drink so
don't drink from their bottle-
[Took almost three hours to do with all these accents and dialects omg]